Project By: Bla 
Group:
College:

Table of contents

NoteSmart
1)	Overview
2)	APP Name Icon & Loading Screen
3)	Screen Layout
4)	Funtionality
1
2
3
4
5
5)	Extra functions (Daca avem)
6)	More (Settings) etc
7)	Future Changes
8)	Credits											


Overview
How successful could you be if you stopped being slowed down by day-to-day distractions, and started making real, tangible progress on your most important work and goals? If you’re tired of always feeling like you’re farther behind than you want to be, and you’re ready to start accomplishing the things you want truly to do that will move your career and your life forward, then you need the Smart Note.
The Smart Note is a proven planning system designed to help you accomplish everything you want in 2016 (and beyond!). We have implemented the following features that will be presented to the user in a simple and easy to understand interface. Yearly Theme & Goals Annual Achievement Tracker -so you can celebrate all the great things you do next year Monthly Overview (12 months) Monthly Goals (1 for each month) 30 Day Challenge (1 for each month) Weekly Goals - prioritize and strategize so all of your work matters Weekly Overview - designed for time blocking to help you make the most of every single day Weekly Inspiration Prompts - these are designed to get you thinking, but also designed to be mostly blank so you can fill them with great ideas, fantastic drawings or plans for your next big thing.


----Icon and Loading Screen
 
 


-----Sign Up Process
In order to secure the user’s data, NoteSmart comes included with a feature that restricts access to outside parties. Before making use of the application the user is asked to input some credentials such as the respective Email address and Password associated with the account. 
Because the text within the “Password” field will show as dots for confidentiality purposes, the Password must be imputed again below. This will ensure that the user will not create an account which cannot be accessed because of a typo or a misspelling error. 
The simplistic and intuitive design of the interface offers an esthetic feel and provides   the customer with a pleasant user experience.
Note: The password does not have to coincide with the one used 
 

Login
After the new account has been created, the application will store the information within a local database so the customer will not have to go through this process a second time unless he/she chooses to create a different account. 
Note: Because SmartNote is designed specifically for mobile phones, it is structured to taylor the needs of just one user. We strongly discourage multiple users creating accounts on the same device, as this can lead to a flawed user experience or complete loss of privacy. 
Everytime the user opens the application, a welcome screen will be showcased. 
Along with the logo that will occupy thee top part of the screen, a greeting message will also be displayed in the center. Along with making the user feel cherished, it manages to offer a unique feel to a somewhat monotonus step.
At the bottom of the screen are present the Username and Password boxes in a stylish dark gray fill, as well as the Log In/ Sign up button underneeth them.

 

Once the imputed data has been validated, the user will have access to its respective account. Along with the presence of the logo at the top of the screen, a “Welcome Back” message will be displayed in the center, enhancing the user-friendliness of the interface. 
If the user has some tasks previously stored in the database they will show in chronological order in the bottom half of the screen under the “Upcoming tasks” tab followed by the “Edit Notes” button. If nothing is stored…. 





If the user chooses to make changes to the tasks he has stored within his account, the application will prompt the following screen:

 

In this case, we showcased an instance where the customer has populated his account with a multitude of tasks that await completion. They are ordered based on their difficulty which is also set by the user. Furthermore, the color assigned to each difficulty helps add to the functionality of this specific menu as well as keeping it esthetically pleasing.

If there are no tasks previously stored, only the “Add a new note” button will occupy the screen, along with the status bar of the operating system.
If the user desires to add a new note to his current list, he/she will be prompted with the following screen after the “Add a new button” has been pressed.
(POZA 3)
The simplistic interface with which the application functions, makes it extremely easy and intuitive for the user to input a new entry into the list. First he has to make a selection of the type of goal he is trying to set by choosing from a dropdown menu located at the top of the screen. Then he is asked to set assign it a name as well as to set the starting date along with its specific deadline. Furthermore we provided the user with the option to add a description to the new objective in order to properly organize the expanding list.
The final touch before adding the objective to the existing ones, is to assign it a color which will dictate the goal’s difficulty. We presented the user with 5 choices ranging from “Very Easy” to “Extra Hard” conferring it the required versatility. 

COMMENT ERROR (Poza 4)








 
More(Settings shit like that)




Future Changes




		
